docs: refine home and landing pages (#2679)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/index.rst

Install Charmcraft
------------------

Charmcraft can be installed in a few short steps, regardless of if you are installing on
Linux, macOS, or an isolated environment.

- :ref:`manage-charmcraft`

Craft
-----

> Once you initialize the project, you can modify a charm's YAML and Ops to include any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you initialize the project, you can modify a charm's YAML and source code to include any
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2679/commits/55483a2bb406f761d6af1a1f21bfc5d3c9aeaecd
